Add Ukraine Alert: Air-raid sirens in Ukraine integration (#22672)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ukraine_alarm.markdown

---
title: Ukraine Alarm
description: Instructions on how to integrate Ukraine Alarm within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_release: 2022.6
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@PaulAnnekov'
ha_domain: ukraine_alarm
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The Ukraine Alarm integration uses the [Ukraine Alarm](https://www.ukrainealarm.com/) web service to offer air-raid siren notifications. The integration will create 4 binary sensors for your selected region in Ukraine:

- Air
- Artillery
- Urban Fights

> - Unknown

Reviewer: Is it explained on the official site what the unknown alarm represents?

Author: No. I will ask support. I think it means "something is flying but we don't know what".

> Siren check interval is set to 10 seconds to don't overload API and be able to react quite fast.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Siren check interval is set to 10 seconds to avoid overloading the API and still be able to react fast enough.
```
I tried to reparse this sentence better, I mainly intended to fix the term "to don't overload" which sounds incorrect.

---
title: Ukraine Alarm
description: Instructions on how to integrate Ukraine Alarm within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_release: 2022.6
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@PaulAnnekov'
ha_domain: ukraine_alarm
ha_platforms:
  - binary_sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Ukraine Alarm integration uses the [Ukraine Alarm](https://www.ukrainealarm.com/) web service as a source for air-raid sirens in Ukraine for your region. It's became very important since [Russian troops invasion](https://war.ukraine.ua/).
> 
> For each region integration exposes 4 binary sensors:
> 
> - Air
> - Unknown
> - Artillery
> - Urban Fights

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Ukraine Alarm integration uses the [Ukraine Alarm](https://www.ukrainealarm.com/) web service to offer alerts. The integration will create 4 binary sensors for your selected region in Ukraine:

- Air
- Artillery
- Urban Fights
- Unknown
```

Author: > to offer alerts

Actually, the official term is "air-raid siren" or "civil defense siren" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_defense_siren). "alerts" is too generic. I've merged your suggestion, but left the term. Is it ok?
